[MIGRATION] Add note about authentication errors and server errors (#512)
cloudant/python-cloudant: MIGRATION.md

1. Replay adapters are replaced by the [automatic retries](https://github.
   com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#automatic-retries) feature for failed requests.
1. Error handling is not transferable from `python-cloudant` to `cloudant-python-sdk`. For more information go to the [Error handling section](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#error-handling) in our API docs.
1. Custom HTTP client configurations in `python-cloudant` are not transferable to 
   `cloudant-python-sdk`. For more information go to the [Configuring the HTTP client section

>    (https://githubcom/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#configuring-the-http-client) in the IBM Cloud SDK Common README.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (https://github.com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#configuring-the-http-client) in the IBM Cloud SDK Common README.
```

Author: Done in d8a1756

1. Replay adapters are replaced by the [automatic retries](https://github.
   com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#automatic-retries) feature for failed requests.
1. Error handling is not transferable from `python-cloudant` to `cloudant-python-sdk`. For more information go to the [Error handling section](https://cloud.ibm.com/apidocs/cloudant?code=python#error-handling) in our API docs.
1. Custom HTTP client configurations in `python-cloudant` are not transferable to 
   `cloudant-python-sdk`. For more information go to the [Configuring the HTTP client section
   (https://github.com/IBM/ibm-cloud-sdk-common/#configuring-the-http-client) in the IBM Cloud 
   SDK Common README.

> 1. Authentication errors turn out at the time of instantiation of a client, while errors

Reviewer: Would you plan to update this chapter too, like you did with java and nodejs?

Author: yes, I just need to figure out what is the authentication error message first

Author: Done in https://github.com/cloudant/python-cloudant/pull/512/commits/15a9b609719fb907efa72214a2ab9d050e3c37f5
